2004 Volvo xc90 all-wheel drive in
wonderful condition 66,000 miles no
accidents all original
absolutely
brand-new tires
mechanically in wonderful condition no
laugh students perfect vehicle history
for light beige leather interior is like
new no rips no stains no wear marks
anywhere on the seats not a door ding or
a scratch on the exterior in wonderful
condition you'd never guess this was a
2004 we have the original floor mats
automatic transmission what grain trim
interior heated seats moonroof am/fm CD
cruise control fog lamps power seats
as I stated in wonderful condition power
windows and locks and mirrors second row
seats this does have the booster seat
for the middle row this does have third
row seating with rear AC third row folds
down really easy for more storage
as you can see leather is in wonderful
condition especially for a Volvo I
apologize
tinted windows alloy wheels the vehicle
does have brand-new tires and brakes all
the way around the vehicle
2004 Volvo xc90 66,000 miles I will
drive with third row and rear AC